Document the `log_cache_events` config (#4821)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/logs.md

```

### Logging relational cache events

> The `LOG_CACHE_EVENTS` config enables verbose logging for [relational cache](reference/global-configs/cache) events which are disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LOG_CACHE_EVENTS` config allows detailed logging for [relational cache](reference/global-configs/cache) events, which are disabled by default.
```
